well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
so today we are going to talk about
congressperson gohmert um
vice president pence and the suit
if you don't know what i'm talking about
a congress person from texas
gomert and some republicans from arizona
filed suit in federal court in front of
a trump appointed judge
against vice president pence in hopes of
getting
that judge to declare that pence has
sole
authority as to whether or not to
accept or reject the electoral votes as
certified by the states
as you might imagine this case was
dismissed
along with all of the other cases that
have been brought
and while it's entertaining that that
this happened there is something in the
ruling that i think that we should kind
of take note of
the judge wrote plaintiffs presuppose
what the vice president will do on
january 6 which electoral votes the vice
president will count or reject from
contested states
whether a representative and a senator
will object
under section 15 of the electoral count
act
how each member of the house and senate
will vote on
any such objections and how each state
delegation
in the house would potentially vote
under the 12th amendment
absent a majority electoral vote
if you have been hearing about this
idea that pence is just going to toss
the votes he doesn't like
those are the steps that have to occur
before we get to that point
um and that's not even a point in in the
line in the chart that that point
doesn't exist
but all of this has to happen first
um and it all has to go a certain way
as the judge says all that makes
congressman gomer's alleged injury far
too uncertain to support standing
which means what you're going to hear is
that the judge didn't rule on the merits
of the case
just that the person who brought the
case
didn't have the legal standing to bring
it
and this has become a fun talking point
lately i would just point out that if
you can't prove that you have standing
it's highly unlikely that you're going
to win the case just
throwing that out there
it should be noted that pence asked the
court to reject it
as did the house
at the same time that list
that list of events that has to go down
just so for this to even matter
that's worth noting because you still
have people in the republican party
who either through actual loyalty
to trump or a desire to perform for
trump's base
are willing to not just entertain ideas
like this
but to file a suit in federal court
knowing that it's going to be rejected
um trump appointee or not it
it got rejected i would point out
that the case was dismissed without
prejudice now what that means is that if
gomer
and company can reframe this argument in
another way
sometime in the next few days it can go
back before the court
that seems unlikely but
it's possible so you will probably hear
about that
and as as we draw closer to the sixth
there will be more and more
wild claims that come from those who
cannot
accept trump's defeat
so just be prepared for him i have yet
to hear of any situation
that seems even remotely plausible that
would alter the outcome of this election
they they all hinge on stuff like this
um it's going to be very hard for them
to even get standing
and that doesn't mean that the judges
are dodging the cases
that means that the attorneys couldn't
even get their act
together enough to prove that they had
the ability
to sue
so while it does appear that president
trump is headed out the door it is worth
noting
that there is still a faction of the
republican party that is either loyal to
him or
desperately in need of his base so they
will pretend to be
and the this doesn't change simply
because
mcconnell definitely has the upper hand
in the trump mcconnell power struggle
the effects of trump inside the
republican party are going to be felt
for a while
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good day